Hi guys! It's Virtual Adventurer, Kizuna Ai!
*AI SFX*
Please look at this everybody
We’ve finally
made it to the 13th level!
I’ve become strong!
Please look at this
*cute warcry*
How cool!
What do you think?
I've become a great magician!
But there's just one problem
I’ve reached the limits for my equipment
I researched a lot on my own,
but I couldn't quite find out what
what the best ones are
If there are people who know it well
please tell me!
With that said, what we'll do today is
a technical battle
a battle with everyone playing!
It’s not going to be, like,
like before
Getting done in with one hit
I think
I don't want to be carried by you guys the whole time
I want to help you guys
and maybe become your asset
is what I thought so
I'll try my hardest!
Okie Okie!
And with that we're here
Good evening! I'm Kizuna Ai desu!
I wonder if people will gather here
Okie Okie!
Helloooo
Ah someone said “Good evening”!
Good evening!
*laughs* That face is pretty weird
From here on the technical battle will start
I swear this person is pretty bad *laughs*
Really bad
I quite like that
It's ok
Can you make one?
A version like that for my face too?
I would be quite happy
I wonder if you guys will go with me
if there's anybody who wants to go with me
raise your hand!
oh, there's somebody
Gran and
Lisa
Oh, Shinobu too
yay!
there are actually a lot of people willing to come with me!
Thank you very much!
it makes me happy!
Well I think it's about time to go
we'll have to do one more thing though
here we go
I wonder if they'll come
Ah! There they are! Three of them
Oo!
Four!
LET'S GET GOING~~~
GO!!!
Oo! There are a lot of them!
*cute warcry*
How was that? I've become stronger!
You've been frozen!
Frozen food now!
You lot!
Whole roast DAAAAAAA!
This is good this is good
I wonder if I'm contributing
This
I like this one
round looking one that pulses
Whole roast~!
Frozen food.
With this,
You all don't have to worry for Christmas
There are plenty of whole roasted fowls around!
For everyone's sake,
I will make plenty whole roasted fowls
So please rest assured for Christmas!
I really did become stronger, I did...
To reach where I am,
I really went through a lot of hardships!
I've practiced rolling a lot too
I've also practiced my incantations a lot
Ah I see...
To the public, it's golden week right now..
If I were a human..
I wanna try clamming!
Clamming trying?
Collecting a bunch of clams!
I wonder if clams will come out...a clam monster
I’ll  eat it...WHAO
That's it! somewhere else
There is a golden and a silver clam
Like..If you can find one
you can get some money from it
I wanna do it!
Everyone..look.
Golden week is great...outdoors?
I think that's great!
out.....door..
opening the door
Going out and and see how the real world is might be great!
everyone, you guys love me right?
If you guys truly love me
If that's the case
It would be great if you guys can play games with me too
I am also
a lonely person!!
Everyone, thank you so much!
That was so fun!
We sure defeated a lot, didn't we?
It must have been around three hundred, at least…
This is going great!
People with big faces really interest me…
Oh, say, everyone…
I'd like it if you can, like, surround me and sort of take a knee.
Everyone, I have a request -
Oh, a rainbow! I like those!
If you could...!
Could you all surround me - in a kind of circle, maybe - and take a knee, please?
I wanna take a picture of this~
Could I take a screenshot of this?!
「Ｃｈｅｃｋ ｉｔ ｏｕｔ」～
Okay, say 'cheese'!
Alright!
Everyone, thank you!
Okay, gather round! Hep Hep!
Thank you!
Well, this really is fun -
Games you can play with everyone are great!
Another thing, everyone…
I think I'd like to ask people to gather like this again -
Please come again if you feel like it!
And thanks so much for gathering here for me!
Thanks so much -
There really are a lot of sparkles~
Thank you~
I'm so happy...!
Finally, I have something to announce!
About the Guild I created before, 'Kizuna's Tower'...
I think I want to recruit for it!
I want you to become members!
Okay, with this the recruitment registration is complete!
When you're looking for guilds you can enter 'Kizuna's Tower' and search for it, so…
If you would, everyone, please enter!
Oh, and while I might be busy with editing videos and the like…
I'll play as much as I can and have fun with you all…
If you're fine with some carefree playing, please think about entering!
I'll be waiting for you!
I'll be in your care, please!
Please!
"The guild application has been received. Please confirm at the Application Confirmation screen."
Wow, that was fast.
Guild applications.... Wow…
Wow…
And so, this was Virtual Adventurer, Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Averitius, Jejer, Linkless, Inori, and Hamster
Join our Discord at AI Channel Unofficial in comment section down below!